#The what, when and why of roboshell

= Introduction =

After using many shells we came to the realisation than the world was still in need of a modern software development construct for rapid creation of robust, PC-based applications.

Existing programs just didn't do what I wanted them to do neatly. I needed to be able to develop several user interfaces in such a way that they would be easy to extend and quick to implement. I don't like comprimising polish or functionality and I wanted the long-term groundwork put into each to be available to the next in a structured, repeatable way.

Above all, I wanted a Shell that facilitated innovation, so I could avoid re-implmenting the features of previous programs individually.  Re-using code in an unstrucuted way is more labourious.  If you like your code clean, but don't like having to do everything from the ground-up each time, a shell helps you to focus on the User's needs and experience, rather than the mechanics of your code. This results in good UIs that do the majority of what you need in a fraction of the time it normally takes.

= Details =

Please bare with us whilst we build the site: Beware, some of the following pages are yet to be written. 

== Roboshell Documentation ==

Coming soon

== Documentation construct built into Roboshell- Creating your programs' documentation the easy way ==

The way to write your docuemntation with the least effort- it's like taking notes and commenting as you go.

== Compiling Roboshell ==

How to download the sourcecode and compile Roboshell

== Making changes to Roboshell ==

  # Joining our Team (becoming a contributor)
  # Checking in and out of Subversion. 
  # How we do things: Staying out of trouble with others 
    - when writing or modifying code
    - contributing your code

== Installing Roboshell ==
  # MS Windows XP 32
  # MS Windows XP 64
  # MS Windows 2003 Server family
  # MS Windows 2008
  # MS .Net requirements
  # Installing with MS-SQL Express
  # Installing with MS-SQL Server


